README.md, before:

# ISO 27001 Audit & Compliance Tool

A professional web application designed to streamline the process of ISO 27001 auditing, compliance tracking, and risk management. This tool allows organizations to visualize their compliance status, manage audit checklists, and generate detailed reports.

## 🚀 Key Features

### 📊 Interactive Dashboard
- **Visual Analytics:** Real-time overview of compliance status using dynamic charts and graphs.
- **Progress Tracking:** Monitor implementation progress across different ISO 27001 domains.

### ✅ Audit Checklists
- **Comprehensive Controls:** Complete list of ISO 27001:2013 and 2022 controls.
- **Status Management:** Interactive interface to mark controls as Compliant, Non-Compliant, or Not Applicable.
- **Evidence Logging:** Capabilities for auditors to add notes and reference evidence for specific controls.

### 📈 Section Compliance Analysis
- **Detailed Breakdown:** granular view of compliance per section (e.g., Context of Organization, Leadership, Planning).
- **Gap Analysis:** Identify missing requirements and areas needing improvement instantly.

### ⚙️ Configuration & Management
- **Customizable Settings:** Tailor the tool to specific organizational needs via the Config interface.
- **Data Persistence:** Save and load audit sessions to resume work at any time (`.txt` / JSON support).

## 🛠️ Technology Stack
- **Frontend:** React.js, Redux (for state management)
- **Styling:** CSS3, Responsive Design
- **Runtime:** Node.js

## 📦 Installation & Usage

1. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Start Development Server**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   The application will run at `http://localhost:3000`.

3. **Build for Production**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## ✍️ Author
**Mohamed Wassim Chahed**
*Industrie 4.0 / ISO 27001 Project Lead*

Commit message:

docs: Add deployment section with Netlify link to README

README.md, after:

# ISO 27001 Audit & Compliance Tool

A professional web application designed to streamline the process of ISO 27001 auditing, compliance tracking, and risk management. This tool allows organizations to visualize their compliance status, manage audit checklists, and generate detailed reports.

## 🚀 Key Features

### 📊 Interactive Dashboard
- **Visual Analytics:** Real-time overview of compliance status using dynamic charts and graphs.
- **Progress Tracking:** Monitor implementation progress across different ISO 27001 domains.

### ✅ Audit Checklists
- **Comprehensive Controls:** Complete list of ISO 27001:2013 and 2022 controls.
- **Status Management:** Interactive interface to mark controls as Compliant, Non-Compliant, or Not Applicable.
- **Evidence Logging:** Capabilities for auditors to add notes and reference evidence for specific controls.

### 📈 Section Compliance Analysis
- **Detailed Breakdown:** granular view of compliance per section (e.g., Context of Organization, Leadership, Planning).
- **Gap Analysis:** Identify missing requirements and areas needing improvement instantly.

### ⚙️ Configuration & Management
- **Customizable Settings:** Tailor the tool to specific organizational needs via the Config interface.
- **Data Persistence:** Save and load audit sessions to resume work at any time (`.txt` / JSON support).

## 🛠️ Technology Stack
- **Frontend:** React.js, Redux (for state management)
- **Styling:** CSS3, Responsive Design
- **Runtime:** Node.js

## 📦 Installation & Usage

1. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Start Development Server**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   The application will run at `http://localhost:3000`.

3. **Build for Production**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

## 🚀 Deployment
This project is deployed using **Netlify**.
You can access the live version here: [https://iso27001-diagtool.netlify.app](https://iso27001-diagtool.netlify.app)

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## ✍️ Author
**Mohamed Wassim Chahed**
*Industrie 4.0 / ISO 27001 Project Lead*
